at the end of the meeting they released between friends we see that he faced
if the stream
kopa said that if i had treated him to p son to offer a cei the magazine
reactions the silvio reaction the following I think we listen so
violent to watch
maybe there
zimbabwe first looked at the pictures m
armand came back on board we first discovered received copy
you know me I heard
are going to talk in the press about what's happening on the ground I was
just for the pole to greet him all the judges who had made a good match
but hey, you're elected to speak to me
so gg gg not appreciate the pivot the advanced and that's like that to my
customer
if the counters will agree should remain humble I beg your pardon
did not happen often problem
you have to wear the latest interviews every day you do not have to
not and have enough to wait for one for the windsor and kate was declaring what he
said ammar it had occurred that he had been insulted yes that's it if I
can do a season that's the base
the rumor evokes a weight and children who will come to compensate
good we take into account while offering a counter in September 2011
to not be able to return at once the amounts but to enlighten the
procedure must recognize that the man who has a lot of fallout the truth
must be said so looking at the images I called this
that afternoon someone who knows how to read on the lips
and we have to recognize comparison so look there are signs in
this copa they want because six days later still what he saw
the social VAT that extends over everything
yet she turns
when I give because it's pretty clear
it's my opaque bag
fofana
since 2006
he dares all because they do not have to sell when silvio pushes back
everything when we push back
it's a win for my son argued
here God apologize for letting go the india suite of this event
but it's true that at a huge tension while waiting for this meeting
bojan barcelona thirty-five minutes the club who saw the meeting immediately
stock Exchange
it was tense it was expected
this match to give back momentum after a few in the shadow of fair play
women
wyclef jean born in france to complete an agreement to limit their number
from 87 years at 14h and off-road cf since the beginning of the year nothing
asked we are not insulting jean-marc Weaver what it is I know I know
but for the time that runs through all the terrain before the decision to surrender or
two explicit it stung with him I do not know speak